hey guys inevitably sound quality is
gonna be a little worse even picture
quality is gonna be a little bit worse
I'm filming this outdoors but this is
the sort of video when you give an
advice of this kind where I don't know
it seems to me I should make the effort
to not film in front of a plain white
background this kind of tree if you're
not already accustomed to living in the
tropics living in the tropics of Asia
specifically white might freak you out a
little bit might forget a little bit
more if actually had some some monkeys
living in the trees out here if you're
lucky in Taiwan you can live in the area
with I'm just gonna walk around the
corner now to get out of the noise of
the traffic and yeah you can see that
tropical Sun coming down and hit me
that's what makes the trees grow in the
way that they do out here alright I want
to say something right off the bat in
this video in terms of how a white
Western person is perceived in China
right now year 2019 year 2020 think of
how Americans regarded immigrants from
the Arab world someone who just arrived
from Saudi Arabia right after September
11th 2001
right after today what were the
attitudes towards Muslim and Arab
immigrants in the United States and
Canada now I use this example
judiciously it is true that right now in
2019 it's not as if there has been some
kind of obvious terrorist assault on
China but what you need to understand is
for them from the Chinese perspectives
for people living inside the propaganda
machine of how Chinese history is taught
you know people who watch the news as
it's told to them by the C Jinping
government they feel they feel
absolutely that their country is being
imperiled by American imperialism right
now to a much greater extent than
Americans ever felt they were being
imperiled by Muslim terrorist
organizations like Isis
al Qaeda so on and so forth now
obviously it's easy to laugh at this
don't was the United States of America
in the past historically ever conquered
or colonized by Arabs by Muslims never
from the Chinese perspective let's pause
here eluded gorgeous trees full bloom
look at these flowers beautiful
beautiful don't don't try to climb the
tree look at these thorns living in the
tropics people these things come and go
by the way with no particular season
it's not like it's not like this tree is
only in bloom now because it's summer
this isn't summer this is winter yeah I
didn't even mention that this is winter
in the tropics there hope you can see
some of those more beautiful flowers up
there um
this is winter in the tropics but plants
will bloom whenever they can fruit trees
and and flowering trees alike there is
no history of the United States being
conquered or colonized by Arabs by
Muslims and Communist China the way they
teach history they very much do have a
history of being conquered and colonized
by white Europeans and Americans now you
know you can complain that this is an
exaggeration or this is unreasonable
real simple question for you did Germany
ever conquer and annex territory in
China to set up goings yes or no
question answer is yes yes they did
Germany had some had some colonies on
the east coast of China did England ever
annex territory from China and rule it
as their own colonies yes they did
history of the American army invading
China and looting the Emperor summer
palace these things did happen
now this communist propaganda
exaggerated and misrepresent that
history and turn it into a kind of
nationalist narrative to serve its own
purposes yes they do what most Chinese
people know about this year their own
country is shall we say falsifiable and
I had the experience of being
conversations of people there
trying to challenge what does they think
they know what does they presume about
the history their own country they will
see things like China was humiliated by
Western imperialism meaning European and
American imperialism and you can ask
questions like why did China still have
an emperor after it was quote-unquote
conquered whereas India after India was
conquered by England
it had no Emperor why is China still
populated by Chinese people whereas
Australia is not populated by its own
indigenous people I mean Australia is
real genocide the history of European
imperialism and Australia so on for
Canada the United States also the
formation of those countries the kind of
conquests the kind of genocide you're
talking about there and you know when I
say this was things due to Chinese
people people who live inside the system
as I've been putting it it's very hard
for them to compute but the level of
hostility that now in 2019 current
political conditions even just the trade
tensions and so on between you know the
United States and China you have to keep
in mind it has this historical
background
this victim narrative that China was a
great country destroyed by Western
imperialism in the past destroyed by the
opium wars so on and so forth and the
awareness that this can happen again and
I've already indicated this is kind of
false and exaggerated and however did
anyone in the United States actually
believe that the armies of Isis had any
chance whatsoever to conquer American
territory did anyone think there was the
military capacity in terms of tanks and
soldiers and population backing the
armies of Isis that they could actually
say conquer Nebraska and that the United
States just had to hand over land would
have to hand over some territory you
know maybe not even the whole of United
States but that a chunk of American
territory would become permanently
occupied by Isis or okay
no that's ridiculous that's unthinkable
even though of course the conflicts
following after September 11th you know
emotionally was very real for Americans
and it definitely would have provided a
would created a certain kind of
hostility when the average white
American after September 11 2001 was
meeting an Arab immigrant any kind of
you know any kind of ethnicity
associated with Islam
someone just arrived from Saudi Arabia
and so on and so forth so the nature of
the threat posed by the American Empire
to the Chinese Empire to communism
the Chinese worldview so on and so forth
in some ways it's much more real than
any threat that was posed by September
11 2001 and as indicated in some ways it
is much more of a peculiar and ghostly
apparition